Pd 1161 expand usage collection documentation (#2809)
truenas/documentation: static/includes/TNDataCollection.md

&NewLine;

> The protocol for system data collection uses the same TCP ports as HTTPS (*443*) and passes through most firewalls as an outgoing web connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The protocol for system data collection uses the same TCP ports as HTTPS (443) and passes through most firewalls as an outgoing web connection.
```

If a firewall blocks the data collection or the data collection is disabled, there is no adverse impact to the TrueNAS system.

When **Usage collection** is disabled, anonymous usage statistics consisting only of the software version and total system capacity (e.g. TrueNAS SCALE 24.04.0, 55 TB) are still collected.

> No information about system configuration and usage is collected.

Reviewer: Nothing wrong with this, but what do you think about this instead?
```suggestion
Information about system configuration and usage is not collected.
```

When enabled, non-sensitive system data is transmitted to iXsystems.

> This data is used to identify the quality and operational trends in the fleet of TrueNAS systems used by the entire community.
> The collected data helps iXsystems identify issues, plan for new features, and determine where to invest resources for future software enhancements.

Reviewer: Use of "when" seems repetitive but I understand why it is used. Also I think we can combine the two sentences into one. Maybe this as an alternative?
```suggestion
iXsystems collects this data and uses it to identify the quality and operational trends in the fleet of TrueNAS systems used by the entire community, and identify issues, plan for new features, and determine where to invest resources for future software enhancements.
```

|              | User-created System and dataset names | Software versions, firmware versions |
|              | Directory, files names, user data | Services and features enabled, Usage and Performance statistics |
{{< /truetable >}}

{{< expand "Reviewing Usage Collection" "v" >}}
To review system usage data collected by TrueNAS, access the system shell via SSH or the console and enter `midclt call usage.gather`.
This command returns the same statistics that are transmitted to iXsystems when **Usage collection** is enabled.
{{< /expand >}}

TrueNAS does not collect any user-defined names for servers, pools, datasets, shares, files, applications/jails, processes, and similar.
In TrueNAS SCALE, applications do transmit chart release names for deployed applications (e.g. “minio/2.0.6”) but not user-defined names.

{{< hint type=important title="Debug files do contain sensitive user data" >}}

> While **Usage collection** collects only non-sensitive system data, sensitive user data is included in a TrueNAS-generated [debug file](https://www.truenas.com/docs/contributing/issuereporting/jiraissuereporting/#downloading-a-debug-file), such as such as those requested for a bug report, feature request, or other troubleshooting.

Reviewer: We are talking about usage collection in general here and not the UI element so we do not need the emphasis.
```suggestion
While usage collection gathers only non-sensitive system data, sensitive user data is included in a TrueNAS-generated [debug file](https://www.truenas.com/docs/contributing/issuereporting/jiraissuereporting/#downloading-a-debug-file), such as those requested for a bug report, feature request, or other troubleshooting.
```
